     The Samsung Galaxy Note20 5G is a high-end model smartphone released by Samsung in the year 2020. Despite that, the Galaxy Note 20 is still a flagship worthy device today. While the Galaxy Note 20 lineup was the last of the Galaxy Note Series, the Galaxy Note 20 and Note 20 Ultra were and still are worthy of the title of Galaxy Note.

     After owning the Samsung Galaxy Note 20 5G Factory Unlocked, US Version (Model: SM-N981U1) in Mystic Gray for nearly a year now as my primary and only device, I have no regrets and the device still lives up to everything Samsung claimed it would live up to. While the Note 20 is in some ways 'watered down' compared to its counterpart, the Note 20 Ultra, it still lives up to its promise to look and perform like a top of the line device. The key differences between the Note 20 and Note 20 Ultra are that the Note 20 has a plastic back and a 6.7" screen while the Note 20 Ultra has a glass back and a 6.9" screen along with better camera specs.

     Having owned only budget Samsung devices in the past, I wanted stepping up to the Galaxy Note 20 to be something worthy of the dramatic uptick in price as well as something that I wouldn't regret and something that wouldn't get old and outdated over time. My biggest worry when purchasing the Galaxy Note 20 was that since some shortcuts were taken to make it cheaper than its full fledged counterpart, the Galaxy Note 20 Ultra, it would feel like I was once again, settling for a budget like device to save money. After using the Note 20 exclusively for nearly a year, I can say I was for sure wrong. The Note 20 does not compromise when it comes to design or performance.

     If I had to say what I thought was the most relevant way to describe the plastic back on the Note 20, I would have to say that it repels fingerprints. Unlike the 'Glasstic' back that Samsung supposedly put on some of its phones to imitate glass backs, the Note 20's plastic back is not a fingerprint magnet. While you cannot actually claim that the screen on the Galaxy Note 20 is edge to edge, with its super slim bezels, it is damn near close. The only thing I am really envious of that I see in other more expensive Samsung phones that the Note 20 doesn't have is those beautiful curved edges (also known as waterfall display). People complain about accidental touches, but I don't think this would be an issue for me. Phones like the Galaxy S10 Plus or Galaxy S23 Ultra (just to name a couple) have this and I love it so much. Unfortunately, the Note 20 just has a flat display. At least the bezels are super slim and insignificant though.

     When it comes to premium-feeling, flagship features, Samsung did not skimp out with the Note 20. Whether you are talking about the professional grade camera, all day battery, cutting edge processing, or defense grade Samsung Knox security just to name a few, the Note 20 has all of the great features you would expect from a $1000 flagship Samsung phone plus more. Released on Android 10 (One UI 2), the Note 20 has also got the 3 years of major software updates that Samsung promised, and in a timely manner as well. Currently running Android 13 (One UI 5), the Note 20 will unfortunately not get any more major software updates, however it will continue to get Security Updates.

     Concluding in mid 2023, even with the tech savvy, feature hungry personality I have when it comes to electronics, this 3 year old device still suits me well and has everything I want in a Samsung phone plus more. I don't see the reason from a practical standpoint (or even a tech savvy standpoint) to upgrade to the new Galaxy S23 Ultra series. I don't see any significant advantages or innovations that would make it worthwhile besides maybe the improved camera, and support for newer software. But those things are not significant enough to make me upgrade. That is until the Note 20 turns into an unsupported, obsolete thing no longer receiving software updates. By this time though, it will probably be worthwhile to upgrade anyway since Samsung will probably have made some significant innovations with their latest phones.
     
     The photos I have included below are real life photos of my actual Note 20 5G that I use daily. They are not stock photos; they are an actual hands-on representation of the device in use.