     Boost Mobile is a MVNO (Mobile Virtual Network Operator) operating on the AT&T and T-Mobile nationwide networks. Boost's legacy plans (myBoost) operated on the Sprint network prior to it shutting down. Now with Sprint being a thing of the past, Boost has their new plans (BoostOne) operating on the networks mentioned earlier.

     For a while, Boost's pricing was about the same as everyone else (expensive) until they announced their new promotional plan offering 30 GB of high speed data (hotspot not capped) for only $25 per month. The only real catch is that you must use AutoPay to maintain that catchy $25 per month, otherwise it jumps to $35 per month. This is a very insignificant catch to most people considering the extreme value you are getting for the money.

     I'm sure the strategy behind this new plan was attracting new customers, and hey, it worked with me! I decided to give it a shot. Some of the important (to me) advantages of switching to Boost Mobile are the ability to use my entire 30 GB of high speed data towards mobile hotspot (if I wanted to), they support RCS Universal Profile, or in other words you can use Chat Features through your phone's default messaging app (for me it is Samsung Messages) without using that hideous Google Messages app, they support Visual Voicemail (not through some sucky third party app, but through the phone's default Visual Voicemail app), they are on the AT&T nationwide 5G network (so I thought; we'll get to that later), and of course the $25 pricing (which can be reduced even further; we'll get to that later as well). The only thing that bothers me (which isn't even a Boost specific issue) is that there is no option for native video calling through your device's default phone/dialer app, and Google Duo is far from close to the native experience. The reason I say it isn't a Boost specific issue, is because I could probably be on Verizon or AT&T and still not have this feature (even though they support it) reason being I exclusively run U1/XAA unbranded firmware on my unlocked Galaxy devices, because I refuse to have a carrier branded and locked device. So for this reason, I'll never have this feature (since I won't flash carrier branded firmware on my phone and have their bloatware and hideous splashscreen at bootup) and it isn't Boost's fault.

     So I decided to give Boost a shot. They don't have a free trial (or any kind of a trial), so I created my own. What could possibly go wrong?